[Music]
hi guys teen girls what
be as it has another video tutorial and already
I have not been uploading a video for a long time
tutorial this time how to download the
already andere simulator is that you are already
becoming very popular among youtube
it's worth among the Spanish youtubers
english and so on my game consists of
kill the girls any girls
that you approach your supposed boyfriend
boyfriend clear between food
[Music]
take platonic so to speak let's go
go to this page that I'm going to leave you with
this pity that I will leave it in the
description worth
this page you can download the yander
it's simulator and the development blog
no game
are from the creators themselves so
nothing of viru nothing of that we go to 22
where you can load the game
the most recent masri
update they have done has been 7
of July
and the next one will be July 15 and
We are at 17 and I do not know how because I do not know
they have taken out
let's go to here
there is not the double click link and it's going to
redirect to another mega page to which you
is going to say that if you want to download with
mega 5 or imported to your disk the cloud
year I do not have 5 megabytes and do not have
to install to be able to download it and
according to the download page faster but
I do not know anything about that and nothing else we're going
to give to download with the browser if
you have mega zinc and they want
download the fastest ones well
go to download with mega zinc I the
truth is to load with the browser because
obviously I do not have me to 5 and good
are 507 megabytes and one does not come at all
assimilate
this is my internet lasts me 25 minutes
because I train myself in the middle of the bad and
well let's continue here are all the
controls this these are the controls
of xbox controls
counted with lyrics the command of xbox you can
use it to play it too and here they are
those of the key board of the keyboard we7 for
move the typical
as brothers for the camera
squeezes
the chief the left chief to run
and blah blah blah maybe all
and well here they have some doubt of the
controls can find here that
can see the opinions of the people
and good x etc.
let's go where we will download the
I'm going to leave you this file
it already
julie event and let's compress what
unzip it to extract it stature
jianxin julie and we will leave this
folder another folder more in and here
is the game and without this folder that
folder is the most important because
being folder can not run the
game
like the other time I say could not
I could not
put the game the bluestacks in the cloud
clan because simply because I
intern very slow and again again
we are going to have to take photos
catches nothing sexual already the are
seeing in the first image we see
we can see what puts them just
we started to run the game by
first time after running
we can configure the options
if we want to put in resolution 1280 x
720 etc. etcetera if they want it in
full screen if not etc.
let's continue when we enter we will put
how to see here the creators of the game
then we will put the interface
simulator scanners with the
with the kawaii protagonist according to the
game and here is your damn version
bad as you can call it by
and say good here and arrive
first views of the game like when
start being in your room here is
to change the pantyhose and panties
here to go to school or to
in the base where are you going to plan everything
here and at first sight of the school and here
behind the game girl
it runs very slow I do not know which one or
what are the requirements the best thing here
on the page say it
and well that has been all favorite live
subscribe if and remember
Stay tuned to my twitter and I can upload
Anything if I have one in progress
insurgency if I can not upload videos
because I'm not video make a pass
because I have laziness practically and if
the special is special is not going to do
ok it will not do it unfortunately
because I do not have the resources to
assist him to do it and I do not have either
how can I say I have no idea
practically to do it and I can
wait half for 2000 or for 10
- the disney I already know what I'm going to do but
I do not know that 2010 I'm going to show my
what a good face
I do not know what special to do if you have any
Tell me I do not know I do not have ideas
for now I do not want to upload anything of
gameplays none of that and well then
the next
remember to follow me on twitter subscribe
teapot as usual until next time
goodbye
[Music]